Add statement for Dynamic Bundles (#186)
elasticpath/react-pwa-reference-storefront: documentation/practices.md

Featured Product handlers use the global product attribute `Featured`. Use the attribute's boolean value to indicate when a product is designated a featured product. You can set the global attribute for each product in the catalog within the Commerce Manager. The React PWA Reference Storefront uses the tag to display a customizable banner for the featured product.

> Dynamic Bundle Configuration uses the Elastic Path Accelerator for implementing Dynamic Bundles for products, which is distributed under a separate license. For more information, visit the Elastic Path Accelerators Github Repository upon successful activation of your Elastic Path license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Elastic Path Dynamic Bundle Accelerator](https://code.elasticpath.com/accelerators/dynamic-bundles) for implementing Dynamic Bundles for products. For more information about the accelerator license, see the License and Copyright page(https://www.elasticpath.com/sites/default/files/elastic-license-and-copyright.pdf).
```
